Docs for using a new SOAP plugin. (#356)
playframework/play-soap: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/plugin/gradle.adoc

= Gradle

Example using `play-soap-plugin` with https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/no.nils.wsdl2java[wsdl2java] gradle plugin:

> Add dependency and plugin configuration in `build.gradle` with additional arguments to wsdl2java for generate java-classes for web-service WSDLs using Apache CXF:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following dependencies and plugin configuration to your `build.gradle` file. To generate java classes for web-service WSDLs using Apache CXF, we will also need to pass additional arguments in the `wsdl2java` block.
```
